docs: Spacing documentation update (#1304)
steelthreads/agds-next: docs/content/foundations/tokens/spacing.mdx

- elements spaced closer together appear to be grouped and are assumed to be related
- placing more space between elements helps separate them
- placing more space around elements can help make them more prominent
- ensure there is sufficient space between elements to help users distinguish between them.

## Spacing tokens

All spacing between interface elements should use the following
predefined spacing options to help ensure consistency and speed up
design and development time.

Spacing options are based on increments of 8px in order to align to
an 8px grid.

<SpacingTokenChart />

## How to use spacing tokens

In order to improve consistency, each spacing token is used for a
specific purpose. More closely related elements have less spacing
between them.

<SummaryList>
	<SummaryListItem>
		<SummaryListItemTerm>0.5rem (8px)</SummaryListItemTerm>
		<SummaryListItemDescription>
			<ul>
				<li>Spacing between icons and text.</li>
				<li>Spacing between labels/hints and input fields.</li>
			</ul>
		</SummaryListItemDescription>
	</SummaryListItem>
	<SummaryListItem>
		<SummaryListItemTerm>0.75rem (12px)</SummaryListItemTerm>
		<SummaryListItemDescription>
			<ul>
				<li>

> 					Spacing between icons and text in navigational components, like [App
> 					layout](/components/app-layout) and [Dropdown
> 					menu](/components/dropdown-menu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					Spacing between icons and text in primary navigation list components, like [App
					layout](/components/app-layout) and [Dropdown
					menu](/components/dropdown-menu).
```
